444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

  Computing become more and more popular these days. Since the invention of the computer, scientists started to develop a variety of 
system that can make our lives more convenient and fast. Take Google as an example. It is a research engine that people use every day. 
Before the system being established, people could only get excess to knowledge through reading books or listening from elders. Admittedly, 
computing is benefiting the society. However, everything got pros and cons including computers. 

  As the development of computing gradually become stronger and more universal, the majority of humanities can enjoy the convenience which
brought by the technologies. For instance, people can now control the stock market through computers. This can minimize the error created 
by labors. Furthermore, teachers nowadays prefer to use projector and computer in class instead of using chalk and blackboard. In this case
, the education can be more attractive and be more diverse which can leads to a more efficient academic accomplishment I believe. As I 
mentioned, search engine are creating a faster route for people who wants to seek for knowledges.  All these incredible changes are due to
the development of computing and technologies. Therefore, computing can be said as an incredible invention of human beings.

  However, internet and the sonic speed development of technologies also cause problem to our society. Albert Einstein once said, “I fear 
the day that technology would surpass human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots.” This can be conclude that Einstein is
afraid of technologies taking over the humans which is currently happening right now. As I mentioned, stock market can be easily controlled
through computing in a blink of an eye which is convenient. However, this can also cause a big transaction to go wrong. Furthermore, 
computing leads to the invention of smartphones. Due to all the applications and social media, most of the students or even adults are 
unable to leave the phone alone for an hour. This causes a serious issue in the concentration aspect. Admittedly, in some circumstances, 
computing is not actually helping us. Instead, it might be pushing us down from a cliff.

  Although computing has pros and cons, people should still apply the technique to the positive side. For instance, improving the 
poverty. Through the internet, more and more charities are able to advertise their organization to the publics. In this case, it might
leads to a bigger amount of donation. Furthermore, people who are in poverty can barely get access to the outer world. As the 
installation fee is so low for internet connection, charities can provide poor people with computer and this can be the education tool
for them due to the application of skype or facetime. Even though poverty is still an international issue, computing is gradually 
improving the situation through its application in education.

  Computing is and incredible invention of humanities. As long as it is applied to the right and beneficial way, computing can become 
the life changer or even life safer for some people. However, if it surpass the interaction of human, just like Albert Einstein said, 
computing and technologies could be able to create an apocalypse to the society. In conclusion, computing can manage to benefit human
beings but also have the potential to disrupt our society.
